[Music] There are some
very powerful weeks coming up, I
can't tell you much but
things will come out, let's see,
forgive me, my voice is a bit
hoarse eh, yes, I was getting a little carried away,
but of course, I don't know if I should take the
word of the people on
Twitter into account,
no, when I posted the tweet, I would like to
start live shows in a bit, a bit on
tele salseo and another on el canijo, what
topics do you want me to talk about? No, and
a lady comes and tells me about Albert's anger
about your video of the Malaga meeting, do you
know anything about this? We
met
at Versa, we met over a video of mine
and I asked him what happened and he says, I'm
free, he wasn't happy that
the Malaga meeting was brought up.
Look, he wasn't angry or anything, but in
his video today he mentioned that he
didn't understand why the
Malaga video was being talked about again, you know, Kari, he didn't
waste time analyzing the video
in his mood, having me left,
well, I don't know if he's referring to some of his
life, mine, which is already  you know that from time to
time I put it in and I put you This video
no
Yeah sure let's see It's that I go I go from time to
time I like to remember a little no Or I
put a reupload I uploaded the meeting the
other day I don't
go passing videos from the main one to this
channel non-stop to adjust the theme
because that way it will be recommended more but
I have seen Albert's thing on his channel
that is easily found
and I said let's see if let's see if he has
entered when watching and we can fight because
I need gossip that I don't have
much either and I came to the video when watching and
what he said is the following Let's see
let's look for it
Malaga look there I have it because I
was looking for it before Malaga okay
look This is what Albert said
What's up my brother wants to talk to
nobody he talks about
By the way, let's leave the thing about Malaga
aside because you're talking about
Malaga and the only thing you're
where they have to give for God if it was
a comment with sarcasm
because you're talking about Malaga and the
only thing you're achieving is
that people continue talking about Malaga and
in the end we receive the same But
anyway when  you want when we want we all
leave it Now about Malaga I ask I don't
know it's been a year and a half it's not that it's not
What's the point of bringing things out of
Malaga again
the poor guy seeing he's traumatized by what happened in
Malaga he's traumatized by what happened in Malaga poor
Albert Karim put it up last night as a joke
but if this video is from today again what happened
in Malaga What's happening that people resort to
what happened in Malaga again the
photography again what you did there again
the speech in the video again the I don't
know what again the Carrasco docuseries
again the mistreatment again in which I
'm not talking about this that I
'm not talking about this what I'm
talking about is
how disgusting it is that
I don't know if you doctor I don't believe that
this was I don't believe that this
that you're going to complain that I've done
a re-upload I think that This is for
I think that this steam for the people I think that This is
for the people who
ask him for explanations about what happened in Malaga or that
follows him that he accepts the call
Antonio David this is the debate that
Antonio David proposed
Ah said clearly the rest of his
colleagues  youtubers Let's see if you could
leave the subject seriously let's see let's see
where it says that
seriously he said that I ca
n't find the word colleagues
where he said it he
refers to people let's see the client we
just saw I understand that he
refers to people
but I don't trust it I don't trust it I don't trust it I
want to see things I don't trust the
chat
Where he says that
but he didn't say it in a bad way he doesn't have to
say it let's see neither for bad Nor
for good he just said it seriously he
just said it but where is it on
Twitter don't lie don't put it here let's
see where let's see if this is it where
Karismán says it
[Music]
look at the cast We have here okay And on
top of that with the ringing of the bells of the
cathedral of Malaga be careful eh this
wants this predicts many things that are going to
happen from this moment on
but Carisman what has he done what has he done what has he
reacted to the video
three salsa minute 29 40 but minute 29
40 of his video Let's
see no I haven't made you angry It's just that it
's something Yeah  I'm already out of date but let's see I'm
going to tell you with everything you see and
with the maximum possible education okay
if that's how it is wait to see what he's
telling me acne
is in general that each one that every
certain topic they bring up the subject to
touch his feet what their colleagues
say is because when one of you
brings up the subject people again give them
the comb well son but I
want him to tell you I mean all that was missing
All that was missing for each
youtuber and each and every person Or
character I mean neither youtuber nor colleague
Nor character to come to me to tell me What topics can I
cover the toy more no because
people are going to touch his nose that you see
no if someone comes and tells you Oh it's that
you're in the meeting in Malaga then you
can take it to heart Or you can ignore
the subject you know what I'm telling you I mean it was
generalized I
don't know It seems to me that talking to him
justifies it a little but let's see at what
minute Mimi At what minute
because he's telling me at
minute
29 40 Yes but about the colleagues I would
like to hear that to hear the
tone
but let's see  alarm who has rescued what happened
in Malaga then it
's that seeing many times and I say this with
all affection I'm going to say it in the
most polite way possible but Albert
often plays with an ambiguity that
things are no longer the first time
you know
minute 29 40 of Kalimán not of Albert let's
see
29 40 let's see
Well look at those good Sara Rodríguez that I say I
say don't start the
party of the greetings if not I don't want
photos eh well let's see what happens here with
the roll
the photo of the drama guys Look look look look look look
I don't know anymore whether to put myself in my face or
narrate it without
this is a drama but I am it is like
this thanks to everyone for worrying
about me these days what will it do in love if they
have asked you a lot about you others do not
get to analyze this is
that you imagine It doesn't matter
where you start and on the left by the
right or if the right or the
left it is a drama no matter how you look at it
or I mean this is dramatic everything you
look at where you look at it that dramatic
begins where it begins it does not matter
because you  Look what we have here
guys it seems like I need to be
asked for
permission there are some things and I say this
with all affection it's not the first time it's
happened that there are certain comments that
I don't need
anymore if we start with by by by by by the one with
the cap to
name him it's the same Disney and it's
his turn but I want to hear what he
said about the colleagues
leaving the subject
That's what I want to hear my tone
Can someone tell me where that is about
the colleagues leaving the subject has
anyone heard it or is it true or is it
someone or are you putting crap in the
chat
no no you are wrong about Albert he
is very wrong No he did not say it there is not
a simple comment
If I am simply giving my opinion
Javier yours great what you did I
loved the detail I don't know what you
mean Magdalena don't
rush Javi I did not hear it
okay okay okay you
are putting crap
in today's video at the end
but let's see let's
see but the word colleague
here does not come out at
all I did
not talk before about Malaga what I ca
n't understand is that saga comes out
continuously the subject of Malaga and the
mythical photo of Malaga when here there are
people who are
eating together every now and then
and nothing happens I mean
with the photo of Malaga they are trying to
demonstrate I don't know what three pairs of
balls
On the other hand when we see Carlota
eating with Rocío Carrasco during the
docuseries when we see the document But I
also say this to the youtubers I
mean don't contribute to giving more
meat to these people it's
true that we look like fools
sometimes we look like fools come on come on
let's give them more meat they're going to bring up
the Malaga subject again but the thing is that they
did what they did each one with the
consequences with their actions and [ __ ] off I
mean let's see if we're going to have to be
giving explanations until the
23rd century
when people get together eat dinner
go to parties I don't know what and nobody
asks them and nobody has to give
explanations and here here the fools
every now and then bring up the subject
come on
but the fools who are they
but the fools who are they Who
are the fools who brought up the
Malaga subject  apart from the fact that I have
re-uploaded two videos
Javi Don't you get the feeling that he
regrets having gone to the
rally? Yes, but well, let's see, that's the one I've done, done it is, no,
but to whom, who, what youtubers
No, here it is, here he is referring to
youtubers
before, before I rush, there are many
youtubers who have brought up the subject of
Malaga.
No, no, it's not a way of speaking, really,
don't justify nonsense like the
other day, the other day it helps me to
justify the reactions to the
videos and such, okay,
but we're not going to justify things every
day, let's
see here he is referring to colleagues, to
youtubers
who have brought up the subject of Malaga and the
photo of what happened in Malaga.
Who have brought up the subject of
Malaga, me because I have summarized the two
videos and charismatic because she
reacted,
let's not stop with the nonsense, family, let's
see if you want Clarity for one thing and
for the others you want ambiguity
because I re-uploaded it, no to acne, let's
stop justifying, it's not that
maybe we don't know how
YouTube works and that's the problem and we
have to  explain it now on YouTube I can
react to a video that I upload when I see it I
can react to a video that I upload when I
see it you have to respect hours or days or whatever that is up to
each one of us the
cordiality that we have okay if something bothers you
what you have to do is
write privately to the companion that
bothers you and tell him Hey look Javier
Hey look charismatic Hey look Juan José
Javi comes for a comment on Twitter he
doesn't come for a comment on Twitter
let's stop justifying and let's
stop the nonsense because here we are
all understanding the same thing that we don't
want to understand is something else let's
see if we are going to be very clear about one
thing and for the other we are going to take
ambiguities no no no maybe what
happens is it is not
with malice Maybe it is because he doesn't
understand YouTube has been around for a short time
worm and he doesn't understand But if you don't
understand something ask first in
private and stop and stop
[Music]
saying things without naming
because in the third, fourth or
fifth I don't know how many there are So I
can go bullfighting I can go bullfighting
but let's see  This is for me This is for me
and maybe for charismatic because
my video reacted
So I'm going to make it very clear,
okay I don't have to ask anyone's permission
to upload re-upload and as if I want to
take the photo of Malaga now and
put it as a banner on Twitter, I
don't have to ask anyone's permission. It
bothers you because now,
two years later, you regret being
in the photo. Hey, look, you make a video
and say I regret being in that
photo, okay, but please. On the one hand,
let's stop playing with ambiguity.
If we're clear with the characters, let's
also be clear with our colleagues.
Man, when I have to say something to
Enrique, I call him and I tell him and he doesn't get
angry because friends tell each other the
good things and the bad things and we
talk about things and explain things. But throwing it
out there in the air for people to come and
throw [ __ ] at me seems worse than me
summarizing a photograph of Malaga. On my
channel, I upload the content that I
want, I've been doing it for
seven years and
nobody has to come show me how.  It works
YouTube
no no I'm missing context okay the other day I
bought the thing that it wasn't for me what
and he said the next day Javier was going it wasn't
for you if you've done it too well
that's why you'll feel alluded to okay
come on let's leave it there the videos I
can react to news about Albert
I can react to news about
Albert as soon as I upload it Okay now
another thing is that it's a very
well done video a video that has a lot of work
behind it And then I take and respect a
couple of hours three hours so that
people see it first on their channel that's
up to each one that normally I
usually do okay I'm not saying it he says it was
n't for me it wasn't for me but
well I say it I say it just in case
okay
if he uploaded it to create controversy I have
not uploaded any video to create
controversy I have a series of videos
that always work and I have them
scheduled so that every day there is a
video and the videos that are timeless
with timeless themes are scheduled
I have videos scheduled for two months
and I don't know what day one will be uploaded from Malaga
and I don't know what day one will be uploaded from This
ok but I don't have to explain
what day I upload the videos It's that I
can take tomorrow and I can upload
the video from March 22, 2021 again
talking about the first episode of Rocío
Carrasco
okay let's stop saying It's not that
this is not about you no it's that we're not
going to see this gentlemen
no
no let's see 1920 Yes yes but yes we are going to
see if it's clear I
mean don't contribute turn the page but
but I also say this to the
youtubers I mean don't contribute to giving
more meat to these people
really but the thing is that what
four ladies come to tell me that
bothers them or that the photo of
Malaga bothers them, I don't care I have no
reason to hold back uploading a video so as not to give it
meat I don't know who the other day Antonio
David proposed that those of us in
Malaga have a meeting and
clarify things and talk about the
truth Hey, today there are some
who regret having been there
well Well maybe there should have been  On
second thought, at the time, I also
regret many things from my past,
whether it was from a year ago or six
months ago, but you can't go back and
erase the past, okay, I mean, I
regret having shaken hands with
people on YouTube, having collaborated with
people on YouTube, and having been
hand in hand making videos and
live shows with some YouTubers, but
I can't go back and delete it, it's part
of my past, that's
it, but carrion, whoever that
lady who says I'm going to take down her
channel. In the end, I don't like to
throw strikes because I don't throw it at
anyone, but there's a lady who
takes some videos and doesn't make
legitimate use of them, she doesn't make a single
legitimate use of that thing, and she doesn't comment on the
videos, she posts a video of me saying one
thing and then she posts another piece without
commenting on it, making it seem like she's saying the
opposite. Yesterday she took a video where I
was saying that we must take care of our
elders, we must respect the
elderly, and she puts me next to it and
then she puts a video where I
'm messing with a lady as if it
were hypocrisy or  something contrary is not
that that lady called me at three in the
morning to insult me ​​to tell me
things about my wife and to tell me things
as a father then of course there is
insult but I insult that to everyone
who comes attacking me okay one thing is that
another thing but equally I do not care about
people who are short and
stupid and do not understand things and are
[ __ ] and want the
spotlight or whatever okay I
understand that it is about monetizing I do not
care each one has to make their
space and I will never throw a criticism I
say it from here eh I will never throw
a criticism that is made of me Even if they call me a
Jewish dog I never have the skin of a
crocodile I never ever throw any video
that criticizes me but lady take it and you
do it well there you go with this the second
time I tell you the second because I do not
want to strike take it down and you do it
well with a single Legitimate
with a legitimate use okay
How is a legitimate sole you learn the
rules of YouTube and besides I always
say it eh I mean I always say everything  the
world can use my videos
everyone can take my videos I don't
strike you don't need to put
filters or weird [ __ ] because I don't
strike but man what are you not going to take
to manipulate my words and you put
there a piece of mine and another piece of mine and a
roof and no no that you don't put on
camera or you put yourself with the microphone and you go
commenting as it has to be done okay
second Notice after the third by try
who wants proof that I warn you
because I don't strike anyone now
uploading content there for the face is not
worth it either And regarding the Albert issue,
well let's see what you want me to tell you
With all due respect, there are times when there are
comments that for me are unnecessary
With all due respect it is without a problem and
without anything it is worth it but for me there are
comments that sometimes are unnecessary
no Hey hey no, it's not that colleagues
can upload on each channel you can
upload whatever what each one wants
Okay now follow the video let's see
come on I follow the video
it's that we seem stupid sometimes
we seem stupid no come on come on let's
give them more meat  He's going to bring up
the Malaga issue again. We seem
stupid. We seem stupid. I don't like
this tone. Family. I can't deceive. Whether it's
for me or for someone else, I don't like the
tone. Okay,
but the thing is that what was
done was done, each one with the
consequences of their actions, and [ __ ]
off. I mean, let's see if we're going to have to be
giving explanations until the
23rd century.
When people get together, eat dinner,
go to parties, I don't know what, and nobody
asks them and nobody has to give
explanations. And here, the fools are
every now and then bringing up the subject.
Come on, Malaga,
we're going to go two years after the
Malaga incident. If in the end we're going to put
our grandchildren here on our laps, I'm going
to tell you the story of when I was in
Malaga, grandpa, you've already told me about it
20 times. We
turn the page, man, we turn the page.
Well, those from the reading room. This is what you
've caused, not only in Rocío Flores
but in There's something else. Do you
like the tone?
Hey, maybe you have a
different opinion than me. You like the tone. I
don't like the tone. I do
n't like this.  of always
telling others how to
do it No look King I respect your
work a lot you are a very good journalist you
do it Very well you give some very
good news and we often echo
your news but allow each
colleague to do with their channel whatever the hell they want, I mean
one thing is that
we criticize false headlines
false thumbnails
lack of respect okay lack of respect
that they mess with someone's physique what
happened with Amor Vale things like that such
things and such okay but see what trick is there I mean
Put the beginning lady really
[Music]
that we are not going to justify the things of
one and others it is not worth it that if the one with
the cap had said the same thing we
would have done seven live shows
okay I mean if it was from the cap he would have
taken it and done a
half hour live show talking about the complaint
Antonia vi I don't know what And if he had started
saying [ __ ] stop bringing up the subject of
Malaga stop bringing up and uploading the photo
of Malaga
again that years have passed stop it
in fact has happened not stop uploading
we would have done a live show we would have done a live
show saying Look at the coward
no  he wants us to take out the Malaga thing
because it looked bad Look, I don't know what, so we'll
take out whatever we want So come on,
let's keep the hypocrisy to ourselves it
's not a lie that if it had been the one with the
cap we would have done a live stream it
's a lie
if it had been the one with the cap we would have
done a live stream right? Well, man,
let's not try because I'm seeing a
lot of you in the chat No, but it doesn't
refer to this it's that we're meeting
no, but no, no,
okay, the other day I eat what happened the
other day the fool is the one who says stupid things the fool is the one who says stupid what happened the other day I eat what happened the other day about
no, the one who reacts to my videos and such that maybe I still
think that he picked up the
cable later but at first it was about me okay
But let's stop regulating and let's
stop throwing things that bothers you
something about someone is called Hey look Pin
Pin and then well I'll explain the
explanation it's going to be very simple I upload
whatever I want the videos that
work well for me if I have to
upload it again one day that I don't have content
because I'm tied up in the canijo I'm going to
upload it again that's what it's for  mine and I
can't give you much more explanation, you know
if you want I'll show you the legitimate use
just like I just explained it to that
lady okay but man
made of shot made I let it fall let it be
interpreted as you want Then when it is
interpreted it was not for you it was for someone else no
no
if this had been Juanjo we
would have done a live in the canijo
and whoever says no it is a lie Okay
then I sincerely hoped it was I hoped I expected to be
surprised
that they were putting [ __ ] on me but
watching the video let's
see if the fools let's see if the fools
no the fools say stupidity but anyway let's
go to the next topic a
fool is the one who uses the logistics
in your house they do what you want
or the arrabal I don't know what I have no idea
about the branch but let's see when I have to
say something about the raval I say it is that
many people are saying it in the chat
but it is that the raval but it is that the
raval but it is that but it is that the raval What is it that
I tell him that what I
have to say I tell it to the
arrabal to the one with the hat to the one with the robe and the one with
the scarf
and that's it  you know okay but of course no
problem eh I mean it's not
personal or anything like that but
to me it seems more inflammatory to make
these types of comments than to remember the
photo of Malaga I mean to me the fact of
uploading the photo of Malaga or uploading the video
of Malaga Well nothing seems to me a video
some content is okay but then doing some
live shows Hey guys the fool let's not
be fools let's see if we go for that
fool the fool I don't know what Hey let's
leave the subject of Malaga we're not
going to give it anymore here I'm
giving it to him if it took me to if it's that I don't care about
giving it
to whoever I have to give it to if it's that
I live off the bait if let's
see if we understand one thing Okay with
more or less study and with more or
less career each one has his career
where he has been able to have it okay with more
and with less
we want to make ourselves more or less worthy
with more or less titles what we all
have in common all the one who has the
career and the one who doesn't have it the one who has had a
channel for  7 years the one who has been there for
one we all live off the
bait we live off the accusations that
Antonio David makes against him We live off the pink
jacket that he put on to
get off the Santa Justa station
we live off the insults that they are
making to Rocío Flores on Instagram
we live off the horns that
Jorge has put on the woman we all live off the
bait we
all
have a career or not we
live off the bait so the
fact that I have to cut myself off so as
not to give bait to whoever
whoever looks there has to teach me at
this point still how I have to
do things
[Music]